NAME
    tpv-ktools--search-spotify-track

DESCRIPTION
    The tpv-ktools--search-spotify-track script is a command-line 
interface that interacts with the Spotify API. It takes song details as 
command line arguments and searches Spotify for the song, returning 
various details about the track.

SYNOPSIS
    This script retrieves detailed information about a specified track 
from Spotify and outputs it in a user-friendly manner.

DESCRIPTION
    This script uses the Spotify API to search for track information. It 
accepts various command-line arguments to define the search and output 
parameters, and it can output the results in different ways according to 
the user's needs. The script can search for tracks by artist name, album 
name, or track title; it can also control the level of detail in the 
output and output the results in a variety of formats.

EXAMPLES
    # To search for a track by artist and track title:
    ./tpv-ktools--search-spotify-track "Coldplay - The Scientist"

    # To search for a track by specifying artist and track separately:
    ./tpv-ktools--search-spotify-track --artist "Coldplay" --track "The 
Scientist"

    # To get the Spotify URL of a track:
    ./tpv-ktools--search-spotify-track "Coldplay - The Scientist" 
--field url

    # To get details of the album a track is from:
    ./tpv-ktools--search-spotify-track "Coldplay - The Scientist" 
--field album

    # To get a detailed summary of a track:
    ./tpv-ktools--search-spotify-track "Coldplay - The Scientist" 
--summary

PARAMETERS
    --artist, --band, --musician: The name of the artist, band, or 
musician.
    --album, --release: The name of the album or release.
    --track, --song, --title: The title of the track or song.
    --field, --key: The name of a specific field to be returned.
    --fields, --keys: Show all available fields that can be returned.
    --summary, --verbose, --full, --raw, --json, -v: Show a summary of 
all available information.
    --help, -h: Show the help text.

OUTPUT
    The script produces output as per the --field parameter. If no 
--field is specified, it returns the Spotify URL of the track. If the 
--summary flag is used, it returns detailed information about the track, 
including artist, album, and track details. If the --fields or --keys 
flags are used, it lists all available fields that can be returned.

    Please note that this is a third-party script and not officially 
supported by Spotify. Always ensure you're adhering to the terms and 
conditions of the Spotify API.

